[DOCS] trigger Slack notification as Validation action DOC added (#1492)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/how_to_guides/validation/how_to_trigger_slack_notifications_as_a_validation_action.rst

.. _how_to_guides__validation__how_to_trigger_slack_notifications_as_a_validation_action:

How to trigger Slack notifications as a Validation Action
=========================================================

> This guide will help you trigger Slack notifications as a Validation Action.  If you have validation suites that take a very long time to run, it will allow you to receive a Slack message as to whether or not the Validation succeeded or failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you trigger Slack notifications as a :ref:`Validation Action <validation_actions>`_
.  It will allow you to send a Slack message including information about a Validation Result, including whether or not the Validation succeeded.
```

NOTE: you'll also need to add `.. _validation_action:` to just above the "ValidationActions" section in the validation_operators_and_actions.rst file in reference.

> .. admonition:: Prerequisites: This how-to guide assumes that you have already:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. admonition:: This how-to guide assumes that you have already:
```

>     - Slack app with webhook function enabled (See Additional Resources for more information on how to set this up).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Configured a Slack app with the Webhook function enabled (See Additional Resources below for more information on setting up a new Slack app).
```

>     - Webhook address for your Slack app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Obtained the Webhook address for your Slack app.
```

>     - Slack channel that messages will be sent to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Identified the Slack channel that messages will be sent to.
```

Steps
-----

1. Open ``uncommitted/config_variables.yml`` file and add ``validation_notification_slack_webhook`` variable by adding the following line:

.. code-block:: yaml

    validation_notification_slack_webhook: [address to web hook]

2. Open ``great_expectations.yml`` and add ``send_slack_notification_on_validation_result`` action to ``validation_operators``. Make sure the following section exists in the ``great_expectations.yml`` file.

.. code-block:: yaml

    validation_operators:
        action_list_operator:
            # To learn how to configure sending Slack notifications during evaluation
            # (and other customizations), read: https://docs.greatexpectations.io/en/latest/reference/validation_operators/action_list_validation_operator.html
            class_name: ActionListValidationOperator
            action_list:
            ...
            # other actions
            # here is what you will be adding
            ...

>         - name: send_slack_notification_on_validation_result

Reviewer: The formatting looks off here to me. Also, can you please add a short note to the effect of "The name can be set to any value."

Author: will do

        action:
            class_name: SlackNotificationAction
            # put the actual webhook URL in the uncommitted/config_variables.yml file
            slack_webhook: ${validation_notification_slack_webhook}
            notify_on: all # possible values: "all", "failure", "success"
            renderer:
                module_name: great_expectations.render.renderer.slack_renderer
                class_name: SlackRenderer

> 3. Run Validation checkpoint to receive Slack notification on the success or failure of validation suite.  If successful, you should receive a Slack message that looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the Validation Operator to receive a Slack notification on the success or failure of validations.  If successful, you should receive a Slack message that looks like this:
```
